[docs] Improve the slots documentation `Recommended usage` section (#9892)
mui/mui-x: docs/data/date-pickers/custom-components/custom-components.md

### Recommended usage

:::success
Remember to pass a reference to the component instead of an inline render function and define it outside the main component.
This ensures that the component is not remounted on every update.
:::

Both slots in the example below are buggy because they will remount after each keystroke, leading to a loss of focus.

```jsx

> // ❌ The `toolbar` slot is re-defined each time the parent component renders,

Author: I moved to 3 examples, always using the same slot
It took me some time reading the example to understand why we had 2 slots, I think the new structures is clearer.

Please let me know if you disagree

Reviewer: I do agree, three concise examples make it more clear and easier to grok. 👍

### Recommended usage

:::success
Remember to pass a reference to the component instead of an inline render function and define it outside the main component.
This ensures that the component is not remounted on every update.
:::

> Both slots in the example below are buggy because they will remount after each keystroke, leading to a loss of focus.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Both examples below are buggy because they will remount after each keystroke, leading to a loss of focus.
```

```jsx
// ❌ The `toolbar` slot is re-defined each time the parent component renders,
// causing the component to remount.
function MyApp() {
  return (
    <DatePicker
      slots={{
        toolbar: () => (
          <input value={name} onChange={(event) => setName(event.target.value)} />
        ),
      }}
    />
  );
}
```

```jsx
// ❌ The `toolbar` slot is re-defined each time `name` is updated,
// causing the component to remount.
function MyApp() {
  const [name, setName] = React.useState('');

  const CustomToolbar = React.useCallback(
    () => <input value={name} onChange={(event) => setName(event.target.value)} />,
    [name],
  );

  return (
    <DatePicker
      slots={{

>         toolbar: CustomToolbar,

Reviewer: Consider replacing with
```tsx
slots={{ toolbar: CustomToolbar }}
```
to save some vertical space

      }}
    />
  );
}
```

```jsx
// ✅ The `toolbar` slot is defined only once, it will never remount.
const CustomActionBar = ({ name, setName }) => (
  <input value={name} onChange={(event) => setName(event.target.value)} />
);

function MyApp() {
  const [name, setName] = React.useState('');
  return (
    <DatePicker
      slots={{

>         toolbar: CustomToolbar,

Reviewer: Same suggestion here, as there is only one slot remaining, consider formatting it to fit in one line, same as the `slotProps`. 😉
